README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
      <!-- logo credit: https://www.vexels.com/png-svg/preview/325937/blue-computer-mouse-icon -->
      <img src="https://images.vexels.com/media/users/3/325937/isolated/preview/f3221834ed60ef29b8f0b2f37a708386-blue-computer-mouse-icon.png" width="96px" height="96px"/>

ZeroWire

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/palette/macchiato.png" width="600px"/> <br>

<div align="center">
            <a href="https://www.raspberrypi.com/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Raspberry%20Pi%20Pico-RP2040-green?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=363a4f&logo=raspberrypi&color=c6a0f6&logoColor=cad3f5"></a>
            <a href="https://micropython.org/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MicroPython-stable-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=303446&logo=micropython&logoColor=white&color=b7bdf8&logoColor=cad3f5"></a>
</div>

</h1>

**ZeroWire** is a custom-built wireless USB HID mouse featuring USB-C charging[^1] and a 2.4GHz radio-based transceiver/receiver system[^2].

ZeroWire is the successor of [Infinitywire](https://github.com/aparkgh/infinitywire), a mouse supporting a higher quality shell[^3], a better sensor[^4], having a scroll wheel, and supporting wireless connectivity.

## **Components Used**
- Razer Viper V2 Pro
- 3D printed shell
- MX Anywhere 2 PCB
- Tiger Ice V2 Dot Skates
- 3.7V 1000mAh Lipo Battery + TP4056 Charger Module
- TTC 80M Switch (x2)

## **Project Outline:**
- Custom Razer Viper V2 Pro / Zeromouse V35 shell .stl downloaded and reviewed in [TinkerCAD](https://www.tinkercad.com/dashboard) and [Bambu Studio](https://bambulab.com/en/download/studio) (can be downloaded [here](https://www.printables.com/model/979182-lightweight-zeromouse-inspired-logitech-mx-mouse-m/files) or in [/files](https://github.com/aparkgh/zerowire/blob/main/files/Mouse%20Mod%20Final%20V1.stl)) NEEDS UPDATE!!!
- Zeromouse V35 Shell printed at Craftcloud
- Extract the Razer Viper V2 Pro PCB, desolder the existing switches, solder in TTC Gold 80M switches, and install the PCB into a new shell.

> [!NOTE]
> **Note:** Model photos need update!

Top | Back + Left | Front + Right
:-:|:-:|:-:
<img src="images/top.png" width="320"/> | <img src="images/backleft.png" width="320"/> | <img src="images/frontright.png" width="320"/>

## **Useful Links:**
- [Pricesheet](https://1drv.ms/x/c/81566783f4b27a85/Eb886e1THZZElGMRDwNFMZEBl47CX9LvK6eldiMpxhTBGg?e=1K7VTB)

## **Things that went well:**
- AliExpress offers a wide range of electronic components at relatively low prices, making it a great resource for budget-conscious projects. The caveat, however, is the longer shipping times, which can delay progress if not planned for in advance.

## **Complications:**
- needs update

## **Acknowledgements**
This project would not have been possible without the support of the following people and organisations:
- Ali ([@optimumtech](https://www.youtube.com/@optimumtech)), for inspiring the project idea and the mouse shell design.
- Andrew ([@rudh](https://www.printables.com/@rudh)), for designing the mouse shell 3D model. NEEDS UPDATE!!
- [Craftcloud](https://craftcloud3d.com/), for offering extremely detailed and high quality 3D printing.
- [ChatGPT](https://chatgpt.com/), for assistance with general project management.
- [AliExpress](https://www.aliexpress.com/) and [eBay](https://www.ebay.com.au/), for providing affordable electronic components.

[^1]: USB-C is reversible, supports higher USB versions and power delivery, offers greater durability, and enables faster data transfer. While USB-C boards are generally more expensive than Micro USB, the cost difference is negligible and justified by the enhanced feature set.
[^2]: Bluetooth pairing is slightly more power-efficient and doesn’t require a dongle, and it also operates on the 2.4GHz frequency. However, using 2.4GHz RF (proprietary wireless) offers significantly lower latency (typically reduced from 100–200 ms to around 1 ms), a longer connection range, and simpler pairing for dedicated use cases.
[^3]: Nylon PA12 offers much better structural integrity and is significantly lighter than PLA, making it ideal for strong, lightweight parts. It’s more expensive, but the durability and performance easily justify the price difference for serious builds.
[^4]: Pixart's PAW3395DM-T6QU has 26,000 max DPI/CPI, a 650 IPS max tracking speed, and 50G of max accleration. This falls slightly behind the compared to Razer's Focus Pro 30K, which sports a 30,000 max DPI/CPI, a 750IPS max tracking speed, and 60G of max acceleration, with the addition of supporting [Smart Tracking](https://www.razer.com/au-en/razer-focus-plus-sensor#:~:text=With%20Smart%20Tracking%2C%20the%20Razer,%E2%80%94and%20accuracy%E2%80%94remains%20consistent.) and [Asymmetric Cut-Off](https://www.razer.com/au-en/razer-focus-plus-sensor#:~:text=On%20top%20of%20the%20sensor's,your%20mouse%20touches%20the%20surface.).

Commit message:

remove custom battery from components

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
      <!-- logo credit: https://www.vexels.com/png-svg/preview/325937/blue-computer-mouse-icon -->
      <img src="https://images.vexels.com/media/users/3/325937/isolated/preview/f3221834ed60ef29b8f0b2f37a708386-blue-computer-mouse-icon.png" width="96px" height="96px"/>

ZeroWire

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/palette/macchiato.png" width="600px"/> <br>

<div align="center">
            <a href="https://www.raspberrypi.com/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Raspberry%20Pi%20Pico-RP2040-green?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=363a4f&logo=raspberrypi&color=c6a0f6&logoColor=cad3f5"></a>
            <a href="https://micropython.org/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MicroPython-stable-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=303446&logo=micropython&logoColor=white&color=b7bdf8&logoColor=cad3f5"></a>
</div>

</h1>

**ZeroWire** is a custom-built wireless USB HID mouse featuring USB-C charging[^1] and a 2.4GHz radio-based transceiver/receiver system[^2].

ZeroWire is the successor of [Infinitywire](https://github.com/aparkgh/infinitywire), a mouse supporting a higher quality shell[^3], a better sensor[^4], having a scroll wheel, and supporting wireless connectivity.

## **Components Used**
- Razer Viper V2 Pro
- 3D printed shell
- MX Anywhere 2 PCB
- Tiger Ice V2 Dot Skates
- TTC 80M Switch (x2)

## **Project Outline:**
- Custom Razer Viper V2 Pro / Zeromouse V35 shell .stl downloaded and reviewed in [TinkerCAD](https://www.tinkercad.com/dashboard) and [Bambu Studio](https://bambulab.com/en/download/studio) (can be downloaded [here](https://www.printables.com/model/979182-lightweight-zeromouse-inspired-logitech-mx-mouse-m/files) or in [/files](https://github.com/aparkgh/zerowire/blob/main/files/Mouse%20Mod%20Final%20V1.stl)) NEEDS UPDATE!!!
- Zeromouse V35 Shell printed at Craftcloud
- Extract the Razer Viper V2 Pro PCB, desolder the existing switches, solder in TTC Gold 80M switches, and install the PCB into a new shell before adding my custom mouse skates. 

> [!NOTE]
> **Note:** Model photos need update!

Top | Back + Left | Front + Right
:-:|:-:|:-:
<img src="images/top.png" width="320"/> | <img src="images/backleft.png" width="320"/> | <img src="images/frontright.png" width="320"/>

## **Useful Links:**
- [Pricesheet](https://1drv.ms/x/c/81566783f4b27a85/Eb886e1THZZElGMRDwNFMZEBl47CX9LvK6eldiMpxhTBGg?e=1K7VTB)

## **Things that went well:**
- AliExpress offers a wide range of electronic components at relatively low prices, making it a great resource for budget-conscious projects. The caveat, however, is the longer shipping times, which can delay progress if not planned for in advance.

## **Complications:**
- needs update

## **Acknowledgements**
This project would not have been possible without the support of the following people and organisations:
- Ali ([@optimumtech](https://www.youtube.com/@optimumtech)), for inspiring the project idea and the mouse shell design.
- Andrew ([@rudh](https://www.printables.com/@rudh)), for designing the mouse shell 3D model. NEEDS UPDATE!!
- [Craftcloud](https://craftcloud3d.com/), for offering extremely detailed and high quality 3D printing.
- [ChatGPT](https://chatgpt.com/), for assistance with general project management.
- [AliExpress](https://www.aliexpress.com/) and [eBay](https://www.ebay.com.au/), for providing affordable electronic components.

[^1]: USB-C is reversible, supports higher USB versions and power delivery, offers greater durability, and enables faster data transfer. While USB-C boards are generally more expensive than Micro USB, the cost difference is negligible and justified by the enhanced feature set.
[^2]: Bluetooth pairing is slightly more power-efficient and doesn’t require a dongle, and it also operates on the 2.4GHz frequency. However, using 2.4GHz RF (proprietary wireless) offers significantly lower latency (typically reduced from 100–200 ms to around 1 ms), a longer connection range, and simpler pairing for dedicated use cases.
[^3]: Nylon PA12 offers much better structural integrity and is significantly lighter than PLA, making it ideal for strong, lightweight parts. It’s more expensive, but the durability and performance easily justify the price difference for serious builds.
[^4]: Pixart's PAW3395DM-T6QU has 26,000 max DPI/CPI, a 650 IPS max tracking speed, and 50G of max accleration. This falls slightly behind the compared to Razer's Focus Pro 30K, which sports a 30,000 max DPI/CPI, a 750IPS max tracking speed, and 60G of max acceleration, with the addition of supporting [Smart Tracking](https://www.razer.com/au-en/razer-focus-plus-sensor#:~:text=With%20Smart%20Tracking%2C%20the%20Razer,%E2%80%94and%20accuracy%E2%80%94remains%20consistent.) and [Asymmetric Cut-Off](https://www.razer.com/au-en/razer-focus-plus-sensor#:~:text=On%20top%20of%20the%20sensor's,your%20mouse%20touches%20the%20surface.).
